[4/n] Add docs for MCP (#324)
openai/openai-agents-python: docs/mcp.md

The Agents SDK has support for MCP.

## MCP servers

Currently, the MCP spec defines two kinds of servers, based on the transport mechanism they use:

1. **stdio** servers run as a subprocess of your application. You can think of them as running "locally".
2. **HTTP over SSE** servers run remotely. You connect to them via a URL.

You can use the [`MCPServerStdio`][agents.mcp.server.MCPServerStdio] and [`MCPServerSse`][agents.mcp.server.MCPServerSse] classes to connect to these servers.

For example, this is how you'd use the [official MCP filesystem server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@modelcontextprotocol/server-filesystem).

```python
async with MCPServerStdio(
    params={
        "command": "npx",
        "args": ["-y", "@modelcontextprotocol/server-filesystem", samples_dir],
    }
) as server:
    tools = await server.list_tools()
```

## Using MCP servers

> MCP servers can be added to Agents. The Agents SDK will automatically call `list_tools()` on the MCP servers each time the Agent is run. This makes the LLM aware of the MCP server's tools. When the LLM calls a tool from an MCP server, the SDK automatically calls `call_tool()` on that server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MCP servers can be added to Agents. The Agents SDK wil call `list_tools()` on the MCP servers each time the Agent is run. This makes the LLM aware of the MCP server's tools. When the LLM calls a tool from an MCP server, the SD calls `call_tool()` on that server.
```
